provide a .md template alongside the .rst one (#94)
django/deps: template.rst

To get the source this (or any) DEP, look at the top of the Github page
and click "raw".

> If you're unfamiliar with reStructuredText, this template also exists as a
> `Markdown template <./template.md>`_.

Reviewer: I think removing the links to the rST resources is a net loss. 

```suggestion
This template uses reStructuredText. A `Markdown version<./template.md>`_ is
also available, if you prefer. 

These resources are available if you are unfamiliar with reStructuredText:

 * `A ReStructuredText Primer`__, a gentle introduction.
 * `Quick reStructuredText`__, a users' quick reference.
 * `reStructuredText Markup Specification`__, the final authority.

 __ http://docutils.sourceforge.net/docs/rst/quickstart.html
 __ http://docutils.sourceforge.net/docs/rst/quickref.html
 __ http://docutils.sourceforge.net/spec/rst/reStructuredText.html
```

Author: I'm not against leaving them but my reasoning was that if one is not familiar with rst they'd choose md. And if they are, they don't need the links

Reviewer: Many folks have an _advanced beginner_ level with rST. Not scared off but still finding the references handy.

To get the source this (or any) DEP, look at the top of the Github page
and click "raw".

If you're unfamiliar with reStructuredText, this template also exists as a

> `MarkDown template <./template.md>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Markdown template <./template.md>`_.
```
